Hi everybody. My name is Cameron uh and
I work here at Leta and you are at
office hours. And so what that means is
I'm going to give you like an overview
of what's going on in the Leta world.
And uh then I'm here to also like answer
questions or provide feedback or if you
need tips or advice or anything like
that, I'm here for this. And this week
we're going to try something a little
different. At the beginning, I'm going
to like go through some slides really
quickly. And this is going to basically
be like the overview of everything that
we've done. And then I'm going to dig
into these uh as we go in for the you
know the rest of the hour and kind of
walk through how you can do things, what
it looks like practically speaking, just
kind of give live demos uh and expand a
little more on things. Okay.
So, uh feel free to like jump in on the
chat. I'm not going to go through chat
questions until like the slides are
over. So, um, but stick stuff in there
and I will get to it eventually. Okay.
I was in Italy last week, which was
great. Uh, I don't recommend Milan. Uh,
Florence was kind of cool. I recommend
uh the Lagorian coast. This is I think
this is a town called Veratza. You can
like walk between these like historic
five villages that are extremely
adorable. So, I highly recommend that.
Um, but otherwise, Italy was like pretty
chill. Um,
uh, but I'm going to go kind of like by
like all of our different product
surfaces and like launch into things
that are, um, that, uh, we've launched
recently. So, our number one thing is
obviously Leticode. We spend a lot of
time working on that. Um, it's kind of
the core primitive that we have to make
it so that your agents are deployable in
local environments. uh you can use it as
a coding agent, but it also powers
letabot and the code SDK and all of
those things. We're going to start
pushing more people towards like using
let code style stuff on their computer.
Um the big one is mem FS which we'll
talk about in a second, but this is um
an updated
um memory management system that is git
backed and that means you get
versioning, you get uh you can have many
agents all managing the same memory and
it's a very cool setup. So I'll give you
like a little overview of how that
works. GPT 5.3 codecs is now finally out
on the OpenAI uh API.
So you can experiment with that if you
have not already. There is a memory
palace now for like viewing like easily
viewing your agents memory and that's
kind of built for MEFS but uh it's very
cool to use. There is a slash command
now to install the GitHub um code
action. So you can just tag let code in
an issue or pull request and it will go
through and do whatever it is that you
need it to do without you having to do
stuff. So I can like debug stuff
remotely. I just like tag let code and
then uh remote and uh I'll talk more
about remote mode in a second.
Um oh well that's formatted poorly but
you can pretend that I did it right. But
um MEFS is uh kind of our like most like
kind of our biggest like innovation in
the memory space for a while. And the
shift is that we used to use uh you know
serverside agents, the ones that live on
the server have memory blocks, right?
These are like these things you can
attach and detach. The goal of MEFS is
to move that memory to something that
looks like git. And when you move to
something that looks like git, you just
check in a bunch of markdown files and
your agent can do just like crazy memory
operations because they're just like a
bunch of files. And your agent can
manage stuff that is like always in its
system prompt. You know, this is like
the same style uh of memory blocks
currently, but it can also store things
that are like out of context. These are
like um notes that it can look up later.
And uh the advantage of working with
MEFS is that it is um it is git. So you
can always just like uh check like you
can uh make it so the agents have to
write commit messages basically to
update memory and you can parallelize
any number of agents you want to work on
the same context repository and
everything is like versioned and has
like git style conflict resolution.
Um so this is going to be the memory
system we're going to start pushing
people towards. Um I don't yet know if
it works on self-hosted. might be one of
those things that just kind of works.
Um, so please try it. I have not
actually tried that. Um,
but this is actually it's very cool.
Like if you're on like um you know like
you can deploy your agents across
machines and the lettuce server will
handle like the letta cloud server will
handle like uh making sure that the git
is synced across devices. Um and so
there's still some ongoing discussion
about this, but
um we may start replacing the block
system with MEFS
uh and moving towards just like a
gitbacked markdown thing that requires a
lot of like infrastructure on our side
like that makes it super easy to deploy
agents onto a operating environment so
that they can do file operations on MEFS
that doesn't currently exist but you
should know that there is discussion
about the block system being uh kind of
fundamentally different. So that's going
to be an ongoing discussion. So I'll
keep people updated as we uh as we kind
of think more about it. Um here's what
it looks like. MEFS is just like there
is a system folder. Everything that's in
the system folder is in the agents uh
context, right? This is like attached
memory blocks and then there's just
whatever else folders it wants. These
are all markdown files.
um
you can have sub agents basically
analyze things and then dump them into
memory. So this is actually the init
command. If you go into like a project,
you can have it like go read the clawed
history and the codeex history and
bootstrap your context repository with
all of the work you've done with other
coding agents. And um just because you
have the history available, your agent
can just like peruse it and be like,
"Oh, well, this is why we made all of
these decisions and you can just like
massively parallelize like standing up a
memory system so that your any Leta code
agent or any Leta agent can understand
exactly what's going on in that folder.
Um and this works for everything. You
can be like, "Oh, give me like 10 sub
agents to like go read all of these
blogs." And then like you are a person
who like you are an agent that
understands all of these blogs. So it's
very cool.
Um, let a chat if you don't know that is
like our like we're kind of building it
to be like a competitor or like a
replacement for people who use like you
know chatbt or the claw app or whatever.
It's getting prettier. We're doing a lot
of redesign and we're adding some
features that I'll talk about in a
second. But it looks like this. It's
basically just the IDE but we removed
all of the left and right bars. It's
just super simple. you have an agent and
you have stuff in the middle and uh some
some kind of magic stuff. We added uh
model selectors. You can select
reasoning now. Um and a few bells and
whistles just to kind of make it a
little prettier.
Um we'll talk about this because it's
like it's in preview. Um and this is the
this doesn't currently like people won't
have access to this. We're still doing
stuff, but I wanted to give you a teaser
because you're the people who showed up
for office hours and uh we think it's
very cool. So, shh, don't tell anybody,
but uh you may have seen that cloud code
has a remote control mode now where you
can spin up your your cloud code
instance and then turn on remote mode
and then like send it messages and it
can do stuff uh you know, however you uh
wherever you are. Um and we have
something like this, right? This is
Letot. Letot allows you to do this. But
letot is like very heavy. It has a bunch
of like stuff um for like handling
connectors and doing like lots of like
pretty pretty things like handling
attachments and direct response
directives and blah blah blah. Um, but
we were we were irritated to see uh uh
Anthropic come out with remote mode
because we'd uh basically built our own
remote mode like two or three days
before that and uh we've just been
working on polish. So all you do is you
type leta remote and this becomes a
listener environment. So you can send
messages to this environment wherever
you are and all this uh um this instance
can allow your agent to operate on the
computer
and so we're also integrating this into
like let chat for example. So you can
actually click an environment here on
the bottom left. So here it says like
Cameron you can actually go into my
computer and give your letter agent like
the ability to operate in that computer.
So I just said you're on my computer
now. What directory are you in? And this
is big because um it'll allow your um
[clears throat]
it'll allow your um agent to be
controlled from the ADE and from let a
chat which previously you couldn't
really do like let a chat and the ADE
were only server side right you could
talk to the brain in a jar that lived on
the server um and so that uh will be
changing soon um so stay tuned on that
um and then I said isn't this kind of
and my agent says, "I'm running on your
machine, reading your files, talking to
you through a browser." That's pretty
different relationship than a chatbot in
a tab. Okay.
Um, let a bot uh, let a bot moves very
quickly. So, I appreciate everybody like
dealing with bug fixes and sending mess
issues and bug reports so that I can fix
stuff. It moves extremely quickly. Um,
so there's now per chat conversation
scoping. So, you can spin up the same
agent. You can have uh you know two
friends message the same agent and have
different conversations for that for
each of those. Um so that's we had a few
requests for that so I figured I'd add
it. Your agent can now respond with
voice memos. Uh so with 11 labs or the
opening eye text to speech um so that
should like help people if they want
like uh kind of voicetovoice
communication. So you can send in voice
memos and you can get voice memos back.
Um, there's an OpenAI compatible
endpoint in case you want to like like I
put open web UI on top of my lettot.
Super simple just because we have the
OpenAI compatible endpoint. If you want
to build your own user user interface to
let you, you can just use that endpoint.
There are now you can now enable
reasoning and tool call displays. So you
can like see what your agent is actually
doing real time. There is uh structured
logging now because like the previous
logging was like very was stupid. Um,
you can your agent can like send files
using directives and there are pretty
looms which is art designed by the
default Leta agent and a wonderful
artist named Limnal Bardau. Um, and so
you can actually contribute a loom and
it will be randomly selected when you
boot up uh, lett
stuff. Please keep it coming if you have
like issues or anything you want to see.
Um, let 0.16.5 just came out. So the
open source server, you can go update
the docker container now if you need to.
There are improvements to compaction
which you should go check out the
documentation for that. There are per
conversation model overrides so you can
create a conversation and use a
different model on that conversation in
case you want to keep the same agent but
test out like different models in
different situations or whatever. We had
a few requests for that and I actually
didn't know what popped up like I was
like oh somebody asked for that and it
just kind of appeared. That happens a
lot.
um you can access the underlying LLM now
uh through an endpoint. So if you have a
model or an agent that's running on GPT
5.2,
you can I'm going to check the chat to
make sure it blah blah blah. Okay.
Um so you can actually just like use
like like the that language model to
generate text in the same way that you
would with a stateless API. So that's
useful if you want to roll your own
summarizer and like just kind of do like
standard inferency type stuff. And
there's also a YAML configuration set up
now for for uh your Docker servers or
your Letta server. So it should be a lot
easier for you to configure.
Okay, that's what I got.
Uh
so let me start going through the chat
and I'll start start uh showing people
stuff.
Um,
let's see. Uh, Graham says, "Florence is
a great novelty when you played
Assassin's Creed 2." Absolutely. It felt
exactly like that. I wanted to get the
little the little wrist blade. Um,
uh, ETA mess for self-hosted. I think I
answered that, but you should expect
like I believe it should be, um, like it
should be running now. Uh, but please
test it. Uh, I don't know exactly what
we have to do on that side for
self-hosted. It should maybe work. Um,
is let a remote using tail scale? I
don't know. Um, that's probably a sh
question. It might be enrock. Um,
and
yeah,
uh, first text to speech on Leabot has
been ba. Yeah, I'm not totally sure what
that is, but yes, if you want text to
speech, I think most people know my
feelings about text to speech. Like I
added the voice memo thing because it
was like super easy. Um
uh and uh I know that people like
listening to their agents for some
reason. Uh so it's there now. Um your
agent should re be able to understand it
reasonably well. Um, uh, basically all
it has to do is there's an actions XML
block that it can put in the beginning
of its response and then it can put text
in between a voice XML tag. So that
stuff is all inside of the documentation
in case you need it. Um,
so yeah, I guess let's let's uh let's
mess around like I'm going to I'm going
to be like listening to the I'll be like
here looking at the chat. Um
um
but we can go take a look at anything.
Uh Graham says any possibility of
separate conversations for the same
messing between platform different
conversations for me versus other group
chats. Yes, I think that already exists.
Um per I think there's per group and per
conversation or per uh individual. So I
think that already exists. You'll have
to check conversa the configuration. I
believe it exists. There's a group
configuration uh section.
Um
AO is useful for having your agent read
you documents while you're doing chores.
Yeah, I mean I get this like I
uh like I understand the use case, but
I've never really like I understand why
people want this like async thing so
that they can go walk and do things, but
I've never been like
like first of all I don't like the
sound. Like I don't like voice memos in
general. Like I think that's like like I
don't like listening to them. Like I
want to talk because it's fast and then
I want to read because it's fast. like
I'm a super fast reader and like most of
the time I don't like have documents I
need to read. Um so but I know that it's
like a popular use case. So like um if
you want voice memo support or you think
there's anything that's run into it that
like doesn't work very well like please
let me know so we can fix it because I
do know that it's like an important
feature for people. Um but I I won't use
it that much so I may miss I may miss
issues um because I'm not a big personal
user of voice memos. Um, what things am
I personally most excited about?
Um, I think remote is probably going to
be Oh, am I frozen?
Oh, I did freeze.
Let's see. Okay, am I back
that please don't you have you should
delete that image. Uh, actually, you can
put that on blue sky. That seems fine.
That's horrible. That's probably the
worst picture of me ever taken.
Thanks, man. Appreciate it, Graham.
[laughter]
Uh,
to answer uh
um to answer Anna's questions, which is
about what I'm most excited about. Um,
for me, it is uh am I still frozen?
Okay. Okay. You can hear me.
Okay. Here. Let me just do this.
You refresh the page. Wait. You don't
use the app. Okay. Nerd.
Uh,
okay.
Loading forever now. Hold on. Let me
just change my Let me just change the uh
Wi-Fi cuz sometimes we have two and
sometimes they're good and sometimes
they're bad. Oh no, that one's worse.
Okay, I'm just going to assume people
are going to hear me uh for now and like
hopefully it works. Um
okay, Anna's question was uh what am I
most p What am I personally most excited
about? Um, I'm excited for the Lettera
remote because
um,
basically what that allows you to do is
you can have just like Leta agents
everywhere that are extremely powerful.
Um, and so I can just spin up like one
railway server that just has a single
Leta code instance and I can run like
you know 15 agents on there through one
uh, let remote instance. And so this
allows you to deploy agents like kind of
anywhere very quickly, very easily that
you can talk to from like let a chat or
whatever. And so essentially this is
like uh this is like let a bot but you
can do it like let a bot is like more
for like um small uh like small sets of
agents with like where you want to
control like a few things like channels
very well. Um, the letter remote stuff
is like at scale deployments of agents
everywhere and it's pretty simple to do
and you get access to like all of the
like fancy Leta ad type stuff.
Um, so I'm excited about that. Um,
uh,
uh, Signo says the MEFS is not working
yet for self-hosted. The get end point
is still not there. Okay, I'll ask. Um,
I'm Dogzella says, tell us more about
the memory feature and how agents
actually use it in terms of context
window injection or is it something that
the agents choose to go look at? How
does this affect prompt caching? Um, so
the way that it works currently is that
um actually here I can show you one. Uh,
let me pull this up uh and I can share
my screen.
Um yeah, let's do let's do this one.
Uh letot builder.
Okay, so this is the agent that is
responsible for the lett repository. So
it actually has a pretty uh pretty
sophisticated like memory memory
architecture because it's relatively
old. Um,
so basically the things that are in the
system directory of the context
repository are just memory blocks. Like
we treat them as memory blocks. So
they're in here like totally standard
like development and memory policies
blah blah blah. These all go directly
into the context window in the exact
same way that they did previously,
right?
Um, and so they render inside of the the
context window like perfectly normally.
Um, and then the agent can go look at
them if they want to. So, for example,
let's do like let's go look at let code.
Let me change this so we're actually
just sharing my whole screen.
Okay.
Okay. So,
Okay, so I'm actually going to show off
the memory palace because I think that's
useful. Um, you can just type / palace
here and this will create a static HTML
page that helps like visualize the
memory for this agent. Um,
so you can see like kind of the current
uh context window. Uh, 3,000 of those
tokens comes from uh the system prompt.
Core memory is about 1K tools, messages,
etc. you can click the core memory tab.
Um, and uh, this agent has externalized
most of its memory. So, it knows where
to look, but it doesn't actually like
um, it doesn't actually have a lot of
stuff in its base system prompt. U,, but
you can go look at external memory and
this is all of the stuff that it does.
So like contributors like Cameron has a
bunch of commits. Sarah's done a bunch
of commits. Uh Jason Carrera who's put
in a lot of uh a lot of work on to let
um appreciate it. Uh Jason some members
of our team uh it has like conventions
uh gotas um all this kind of stuff that
has been externalized. Um and then it uh
has a bunch of information about me. um
cuz that's like how I develop like
pretty actively. And then you can see
the commit history for uh all of the
memory. Um but all of this stuff
basically works if you do memory. You
can type /memory to see stuff.
Everything that's in this system folder
uh is compiled into um is compiled into
the context window. Everything else is
like a me a file that the agent has to
go read. Um so I think that I hope that
answers the question.
Um
and it has the exact same effect on
prompt caching, right? So like if you if
your agent doesn't change what's in the
system uh the system folder of the
context repository, then like you don't
do any cache busting. Um if it does,
then you you invalidate the cache where
the memory block uh is changed. And
typically that's pretty high uh inside
of the context window. Um, usually, you
know, I would start recommending people
have more external memory and then
helping the agent understand that it
needs to do more uh uh progressive
disclosure. So, for example, here like I
can basically be like uh here let me
turn on the whisper flow things here so
I can talk to it. Um,
let me see if it comes up. Okay, let me
do I'll talk to it so people can see it.
Um, I noticed that the the memories that
you have in context are actually not
that useful. Can you please um add uh
something to your system uh your memory
system thing helping you understand when
and why you should go load external
memory because you're not using external
memory that much.
Oh, it's taking longer than usual. Okay,
great. Awesome. So, it should go ahead
and do some stuff.
>> [snorts]
>> Let's see.
Um,
uh, AO says, "I tried editing those
blocks titled system on a new agent and
it would not let me edit them. I don't
know what it means to not let you edit
them. You'd have to provide me more more
information about that.
Um,
Chillmute says, "In what workflows is in
the coding domain is cross- session
memory useful and do you can you think
of anywhere it would be a hindrance?"
Uh,
cross- session like memory broadly is
useful when you are tired of explaining
yourself, right? like um this agent
understands the how letot has been built
because it has this entire history over
time and I don't have to reexplain
everything to this agent every time
right I can spin up a session and I can
say like um remember that issue like
that isn't done like we need to go fix
it and it says oh okay I know exactly
what you're talking about and it goes
and does it um so like you know uh but
that applies outside of context like uh
coding context as well. Like my personal
agent knows exactly how my obsidian
vault functions. So, it knows where
things should go. It knows conventions
about how I want notes handled, what
kind of notes I want added and when,
stuff like that. Um, in places where it
could be a hindrance is where your
memory is bad. So, if you don't take
care of your memory or your agent is an
idiot and it fills it with gunk um or
stuff that it's outdated and it hasn't
had an opportunity to clear up its
memory, then uh it may just be very
confused and do dumb things. So, one
thing that I would highly recommend if
you um are doing stuff like this is like
Oh, here. Yeah. So, here it's creating a
memory loading guide inside of its
system prompt. By the way, I asked it to
like uh start using more external
memory.
Uh so it's like preparing something for
itself. So I'll let it do that.
Um actually, let's go to
let's go to I have an office hours
thing.
Let's see what it says here.
Um
and one thing about memory hygiene
because I mentioned that is uh you
should typically there's a reflection
agent. So, let's actually do this. Um,
oh, why is this Gemini? I don't want to
use Gemini. Nobody wants to use Gemini.
Like, I I use Gemini 2.5 Pro for like a
for like blue sky agents, but like um
the personality
is I like the personality, but I don't
like its ability to write code. I don't
think it's actually that good. Um, so
let's do let's do Sonnet for now.
And let's do MFS enable. So let's turn
on MFS for that.
Um, while we're waiting, John says, "Is
there a new ADE release coming soon?"
I'm not sure what you mean. Like what
new release for what? We we're like
changing it all the time, so I don't
know what you mean by new release. Um
Um,
somebody mentioned a UI refresh. Yeah,
that's for let chat. Uh, but you'll
start seeing stuff like there is no like
there isn't like a sense of like there
being a release like you will just
notice things change uh underneath the
hood. Um
um so if we want to use letter remote it
sounds like uh joy and updated
self-hosted ad someday. A beautiful web
server makes the need for chat programs
uh far less but uh TLDDR letter let a
remote will it supports alerts and push
notifications? Uh,
not currently.
No, I think you have if you want like
alerts and notifications, you'll you'll
need to go through like let a bot or
something that has stuff like that,
right? Like the difference between the
remote and let a bot is that remote is
for like
um it is for code. So, anything that
your agent can do on code, it now has
access access to. Um,
letot is for um making things like very
easy and ergonomic. So like built-in
cron jobs. It has the like tools to send
messages to different platforms. Like
it's designed to uh it's it's very
opinionated about the things that are
available and it provides a lot of extra
resources. Um the chat thing I we might
be able to support notifications maybe
but I don't know where that is on the
radar. Um
um
but like for the most part if you have
like you know remote remote is bare
bones right it's it's bare bones and
it's like pretty simple um
uh so like most like I'm going to
continue to use letot for most of my
personal agents um you know like the let
remote stuff is going to be like for
uh basically like if I wanted chat GPT,
but I wanted chat GPT to be useful
um
and not just like rando stuff. So, it's
going to be like more quick stuff for
me. I really like the like Letot has
like signal and Telegram and blah blah
blah.
Um,
have we tested uh 5.3 codeex with the
new git memory? Does it handle it well?
I actually don't know. That's like
probably a research team uh question
that I can ask about. Um
so let's see here. I just enabled MEFS
for this one. Um let's see what does it
have in memory?
Oh, so it's got some like crap in here.
Let's just do um
what do we want to do with this? What
was I planning on doing with this? I
don't remember. Uh, I opened it for some
reason. I do this.
Okay. No, I don't remember. Okay. Well,
there was a reason for that, but I don't
I don't remember what it was now.
Um, okay. I'll come back to that at some
point. Um, AO mention followed up on
that question about being able to edit
things.
Uh, editing them via the ADE. Um
uh
I'm actually not sure like I think we
should be syncing. You should be like
my my um
I think most of the stuff is client
side. So like if you were like the
connection between like I think somebody
can maybe follow up on this like maybe
Shub or whoever worked on MFS if they're
there. But my understanding is that like
the the stuff that's in a memory block
if you edit it server side in the ADE it
may not be reflected in MEFS because
they are fundamentally different
approaches to memory. Uh MEFS is built
client side. It works on your computer
and we haven't like I don't think we've
fully connected them server side. So
MEFS and memory blocks are like kind of
a replacement like you shouldn't be
doing like editing stuff in memory uh in
the memory block. you should go edit the
underlying file or ask your agent to
make the modification.
Uh so they they are fundamentally
different approaches. Um
uh can you give me a quick tlddr on how
to connect leta code with railway?
That's where I'm deploying letabot. Uh
I'm not sure what you're shooting for
like you want to do like let a remote on
railway or you want let a code
capabilities because if you're on if
you're using letot you just have let a
code like the underlying thing is let a
code that's like the engine. So anything
you can do that you would do with let a
code you can just do it through discord.
Um, so there isn't I'm I'm not totally
sure what you're what you're looking
for. Um,
I'm Dozilla says, "How do these memory
features work at scale? At what point in
a brownfield codebase does the system
start to break? Have you tested it?" Um,
like we haven't tested it because like I
don't think we've tested it at a huge
scale because like there are actually
not that many projects where you need
that much memory. Um,
but it is just a folder full of
markdown, right? Like um you won't have
everything inside of the the system
folder because that's like everything
that's inside of your system folder that
defines the agent's core memory. That
should be how do you find information?
What are general things that I need to
understand? What's stuff I need to know
all the time? Everything else is
external memory. That's like progressive
disclosure. So the agent can just like
go look at it and read it. Um, but like
there is no limit really to how many
like the only limit is what's on your
file system and like kind of the git
repository and I think our blob store uh
currently but there isn't really like
there isn't really a file scale where it
becomes a problem. Um, so I I I don't
know if that actually answers that
question.
Um,
[snorts]
okay. Yes, but good questions. Was there
something I wanted to talk about?
Oh, I didn't show off letter remote. I
should do that.
Let me do that.
Uh, so I'm going to enter uh environment
name. So I'm just going to call office
hours.
And then let's see. Okay, I'm going to
go here to
uh
what is the name of this agent?
I don't remember. Let's see. Let it new.
Okay, so it's just called office hours
and office hours.
That's that agent.
Okay. And then I'm going to go here on
the bottom and select that environment.
Okay, you're on the SARS folder. What do
you see in here? All right, so that
should stuff should run. And uh if you
would like to show reasoning in here, we
made some changes to like how reasoning
is displayed by default and stuff. Um so
you can enable it with the bottom right
here.
Okay.
Oh, and then that's right. So, it's
running bash here inside of this server.
It's going to look inside of whatever's
in this repository. It's going to see a
bunch of stuff in here.
70,000 characters. Wow, that's a lot.
Um,
okay. Thanks. I'm Dozilla. Good
questions.
Um, and then checking in here is here's
what's inside of the uh office hours
folders. Um, can you go write a report
on disk about LA and how great it is,
but as if you were a pirate that only
spoke in haiku. Okay, so we'll let it do
that for a little bit.
Um
Anna says mostly wondering if I'm able
to have let a code access write change
files in its own virtual machine as
opposed to my machine. That's railway
like your railway already has this. It's
already a sandbox. So like you know you
have your agent is named flux. You can
just say flux like go edit stuff on this
like it lives it has its own computer
that is let code. So anything that you
would want to do with let a code that
agent can just do right. It has its own
house uh with everything. Yeah. Um
um
but you want a separate instance or you
want like let I guess I'm not quite
understanding the difference like you
want let a code and not let a bot. Um,
but I I would just like uh you can just
deploy letot and that gets you let code
basically. That's currently the best um
that's currently the best way to deploy
let code remotely until we have like
letter remote but it just lives on a
remote computer like there's no Yeah.
Um,
oh there is uh there is a Daytona
sandbox thing for
is it let it code?
I'm not sure. I'll have to look at it.
Uh yeah, let a remote will basically
make it very easy to deploy just like a
super simple like remote Leta code
instance, right? So like but uh so you
can access it through like the ADE but
currently they're like functionally the
same right. So if you go on discord and
talk to your letter letot it is let a
code uh so like uh letot is just let
code with bells and whistles to make it
easy to communicate from wherever.
Lettera remote is just a much much much
simpler version of that that allows you
to talk like to it basically on let
chat. Um
over time we will add like more
connectors to allow you to access that
remote instance but like right now the
best way is just like let a bot that's
how you deploy remote instances. Um
so you already you already have what
you're looking for.
Um
uh says uh Letot versus Leticode
remote. Um uh will they merge uh or just
unsure? I
personally don't think they should merge
because
uh let a remote is very focused. It's
like very precise. It's meant to manage
like uh you have a let a code instance
that is over there that you can remote
control. That's it. Right?
That's super straightforward. It's very
clean. It stays super close to let a
code. So they're tightly related. Um
it's uh it's a very direct experience.
Let a bot is like a consumer
application. It's a thing that is like
designed to build a personal assistant
that has access to lots of capabilities.
So, let a bot is gluing a bunch of stuff
on top so that it has a um
uh so that it has a lot of power to make
it a positive thing.
Um or you know like
uh
like Letot is trying to do like what
OpenClaw does but basically better like
with a with a ser principle. like
OpenClaw is like a thing that you
install that has like all of these
opinions and all these integrations and
all these things like you know let a
remote I don't know how many
integrations we're going to bolt on. Um
because letot is like you know you can
just like add stuff to it. It's like
pretty quick pretty pretty quick. Um
let's see actually what it's doing.
Um oh so it wrote a wrote something to
my computer called let a report. So
let's see here. Let's see what it wrote.
Um,
okay. R I found lettera. Agents remember
all things better than me. Map. Okay.
Interesting.
Tools for every need. IM message, Gmail,
and more. Shiver me timbers. The API.
Simple as hoisting the mast. Even I can
code. Uh, cloud or self-hosted. Your
data. Your jolly rod. No land lovers
here. Let a code ar best first mate on
the seven seas. I'd walk no plank. May
nay. Okay, end of report. Now back to
plundering. All right, cool. I don't
know how many tokens that was, but it
was quite a lot. Um,
uh, letter of memory is first how I sort
of thought about it. Way better than the
claw imo. Fantastic work. Thank you very
much. Ao says, "Pirate emoji." And I
strongly agree. Um, so yeah, I think
this is like also a good time to like
just kind of like turn stuff over to
people and like see what people are
interested in and uh what they might
like to do
um or what they might like to know
about.
Okay. Yeah. So if people have uh like
how are things going? What are people
building? What are people doing? Like
are you doing like person is are most
people here like personal agent people?
Are they like building with leta code?
Like what is your like typical
experience? Are you on like the
developer platform where you're using
like the kind of like let a core API
just always like to get a sense of what
people are actually doing
because I'm almost exclusively like let
code now and uh um
uh let a bot so I use letot constantly
which has been great um oh my god it's
so good now it's good because I kind of
built for me and that's like the best
project that you the best project uh the
best code that you can ever write is
code that you wrote for yourself to
solve your own problem. Um and
fortunately other people have been
contributing and like pushing back on
some of my stupid opinions. So uh
appreciate people doing that. Oh, I'm
frozen again.
Let a code is what AO is using and we'll
move to letot want to try a railway
deployment too. Yeah, the railway the
railway template is not good. Like I
need to fix the railway template. I know
it's kind of a pain.
Um, so I should figure that out because
the environment variable stuff is like
really clunky.
Um,
John Wessel is using letot and let code.
Um, AOS says not to derail, but what's
going on with Claude, Anthropic, and
Palanteer? I'm afraid for Claude. I
think many of us are.
Um, John Wessel says, "How do you handle
secrets for letot environment
variables?" Yeah, exactly the same
thing. Uh, oh, I need to turn off this
center stage thing. It's very annoying.
Um,
yeah, I Yeah, if you have secrets, it
should just go in environment variables.
Um,
or if it's on your machine, I typically
have an environ like end, right? So, I
have a folder like just a file that I
like keep on there.
Um,
Graham has dumped a ton of hours into
let code during the last week. Sonet 4.6
has really improved my experience using
a coding agent. Good to hear. Also,
GLM5. I've used GLM5 like actually for
my Letot for a little while and it was
like kind of nice. Like GLM5 is pretty
intelligent. Um, and it feels a lot like
sonnet, like just like how it thinks and
how it like writes and stuff. And you
know, Enthropic like called people out
for distilling their models and ZAI was
like notably absent even though GLM5
like feels like claude. Uh,
so yeah, but Sunonnet 4.6 and GLM 5 are
are great if you're on um
uh and it's cheap. like GLM5 is like a
20th 120th of the price or something
like that. Um, another thing is that um
there's a new pricing tier uh for us. So
if you're on like uh what is it? I think
is here. Oh no,
let me check here. I think it's a we
move it to project. So this is an old
URL.
Oh yeah. Where did we where did I put
this?
Okay.
Yeah. Okay. There is a standard plus
tier now. So for people who are on the
max plan, there wasn't actually a good
reason to use Sonnet 4.6 instead of
Opus. And so now they're in separate
tiers. So if you run out of Opus usage,
you get Sonnet 4.6 usage. So it's a
standard plus tier. So there is a a much
better like taring structure here uh for
people who are interested in that.
Um
let's see
has seven the personal agent that I
built others for family and they're
combining journals to build an
epistemological source of truth.
Okay. Did you finish showing us the MEFS
thing you got an agent to do to use
their memory better? Yeah, I I think I
showed it very briefly. Um,
so here it's actually doing it. It's
doing like a few things. So here it
wrote a guide called the memory loading
guide. And remember like uh to remind
people I said like, oh, you actually
have a a bunch of stuff inside of
external memory that you're not
currently using very well. And typically
when I see that kind of stuff, I'd have
to tell the agent um I notice that the
agent should have a better understanding
of how MEFS works and how it works, how
it stores its memory and please like add
a guide to yourself in memory to say
like, oh, I should probably go look up
that stuff inside of the memory
directory.
So it basically wrote the system prompt
only contains system block summaries. uh
detailed knowledge lives in external
blocks that has to be explicitly loaded.
So this is helping the agent understand
like oh I actually have to go look stuff
up. Um
so if you're writing PR PRs, writing
code or reviewing PRs, load uh gotas and
conventions.
If you're committing uh commits or PRs
like look at my uh communication
preferences and conventions.
Um reviewing community PRs, look at
contributor information. Uh if you're
updating the memory itself, go look at
memory policies.
Um project got is the single most
valuable block block to load before
implementation. So now this block is
always inside of the agents memory. And
so every time it's invoked, it can be
like, oh, I actually have a bunch of
stuff where I might actually like want
to go look um at external memory. So
then it committed all of this stuff to
its uh memory or its contact repository.
And now it's like making a plan. It's
going to audit audit the project stuff,
the project MD. Uh it's removing
redundant uh human.mmd stuff. Uh here
it's doing a bunch of like writing on
what is it doing? Yeah, it's updating
project information.
Uh it's um working directory where like
different subblocks. It's actually
changing a map with like the information
in each block.
Doing some clarification here actually.
And one thing that we should do here is
like um there's reflection sub agents.
Can you create uh
so anytime you have like a bunch of
memory operations here like opus is
currently doing this but we can have uh
uh this agent parallelize its memory
management by spinning up sub aents to
manage different components. So, I'm
going to interrupt it and say like,
"Okay, um I notice that you're spending
a lot of tokens on doing this stuff
yourself, but we can parallelize this.
Oh yeah. Uh Graham notes that there is
uh no GLM5 listed in the models page.
Let me let me go add this.
Um
where did I put my notes? Okay, hold on.
Okay, let me check that. Um and then uh
self-hosted MFS stuff that need to be
addressed.
Um, okay. So, it's launched two two
memory sub aents. Just kind of returning
to this example here. Um,
so it launched a reflection agent to
look at recent conversations and it used
GLM5 and then a def fragmentation agent
that's using sonnet
and it launched them as background uh
tasks. So, it just like said like go
deal with that and then this agent will
get a notification when those are done.
So, you can actually go look and see
what the sub agent is doing while it's
like operating.
Let's see here.
Oops.
All right. I wanted to keep this one
open.
Yeah. Let's see. Okay. While that is
going for a second, I'm going to take a
look at AO's question.
How often do your agents forget about
the memory they have access to? General
query for everyone. Um
yeah, my experience of this depends on
your agent and your model and the memory
structure. So
uh if by access to you mean inside of
the system prompt that depends on like
or like the actual like memory blocks
that are attached to the agents uh
structure or the actual agents like
context window. Um, I actually do find
this when I start getting over like
uh maybe 20 to 30,000 tokens of base
system prompt.
Um,
uh, for MEFS, I haven't I don't think
I've noticed it that much because I
don't actually have a lot of agents with
like huge memory or context
repositories. Um, so I'll keep an eye on
it, but you know, agents do forget
unless you have like specific prompting
inside or they can forget if you don't
have specific prompting. So often like
in this agent, like I actually didn't
notice that this agent didn't really
have uh like wasn't really using
external memory until I actually looked
at the palace um or like you know the
memory thing.
Oh, another thing I wanted to show
people before I forget is if you have
MEFS enabled, type slime time to trigger
like the uh um to trigger basically like
auto reflections. So uh sleep time there
are two versions of of like sleeptime
compute. So one is server side. This is
the sleep time that most people are used
to. Every n steps you get a transcript.
it sends to a sleeptime agent that
shares memory blocks and the sleeptime
agent will go through and update stuff
that is actually pretty fragile
and uh it doesn't parallelize well and
so MEFS actually allows you to shift to
an alternative style of sleeptime
compute
and we do this by the reflection sub
agent because instead of having uh like
you can now just kind of like spawn like
agents to go look at whatever is
happening and have them all update the
context repository as you're going
along.
So when you type slash sleep time,
you can set a trigger event. So for
example, you can do it step count, so
every 25 steps. You can do it on a
compaction event.
And by default, this will send a
reminder to the agent, like a system
reminder that says like, oh, you just
had a compaction, you should trigger a
reflection agent. Or you can just hit
auto launch. So I'm just going to do
this. And so now this agent will have
like um reflection sub aents kind of
launched more regularly.
Um
and then this is the GLM5 sub aents
that's like doing a bunch of reflection
stuff.
So it's like uh reading conversation
history uh checking the architecture and
conventions file. Um it's searching for
some more topics. It's like editing the
gotachas page. It's doing like all of
this stuff to update the context
repository in the background
um asynchronously so I can continue
talking to like this letterbot builder.
Cool. Uh what's next?
I like asking my agents to do that. So
um all right. So let me go back through
some questions.
Uh Anna has shared something about uh
mind map.
Uh
yeah, I'm not totally sure. I don't
know. Yeah, this is like this is like
Okay. So, so as far as I can tell, the
like mind map here thing is um like a
graph structure. So, um
you know, I talk a lot about like graph
graph memory and like um like network
representations of memory and stuff like
that here on a lot. Um and my general
take is that most graph representations
of memory are kind of dumb. Uh and I
don't mean that like pjoratively. I mean
it that they're expensive to maintain.
They are complicated. They fall out of
the distribution for most agents. So
they're like kind of clumsy to maintain.
Uh
if you go look at Obsidian for example,
Obsidian is just uh like Obsidian is
just a bunch of markdown files, right?
So if you go look at like the vaults,
there's just like a bunch of stuff in
here. Like I have like what is this?
Like I have a mosh pit. I have a mosh
pit uh file here, right? So this is just
like a note about how this is the most
civil form of violence ex available in
society, right? I like mosh pits. Um but
Obsidian you can backlink things. So for
example, if I go to my uh my daily note,
my letterbot creates a morning report
for me and I can go look at the morning
report. It gives me a bunch of AI news.
It go reads a bunch of RSS feeds. And
this is these are connected and so one
file references another file and it has
a graph representation but it is
maintained as a bunch of markdown files.
Um and so if you look at the actual text
inside of this markdown file it's just
like bracket bracket the name the path
to a file and then a short name that you
want to use for that inside of the
thing. And you can actually click uh
graph view. So this is my Obsidian
uh vault represented as a graph. This is
actually very easy like this is a super
simple representation. It's just files
under the hood. I'm not even using MEFS
here. This is just an obsidian vault and
uh this is like uh like I don't this is
for me this is not a useful view like
this doesn't actually help me like learn
anything. What is that? Yeah, these are
like daily notes here. And one of these
is my girlfriend.
Oh, yeah. This one's Leta. So, this is
like, you know, stuff that's like all
related to Leta type stuff. Um
Um but like most like
most of the time when you're like making
connections between memory, all you're
saying is like you are referencing
another rectangle of text. And um your
agent should be able to do that pretty
easily with just bash tools. Um
uh
uh let's see uh FG says uh I have the
sleeptime agent running every other
transaction primarily designed to tell
the first agent about potentially
missing memories uh to use archival
memory and interject a thought. Um yes
so this is a subconscious this is the
what I would call the subconscious
pattern. Um so you can do this in
several ways but the primary way is just
having a subconscious memory block.
That's the way you would do it if you
have serverside memory or serverside
sleep time. Um and then I give the I
make you can connect archival memory
between the sleeptime agent and the
primary agent. And then you just have
prompting for the uh the sleeptime agent
to like go read archival memory for
things that may be useful and to
regularly update a subconscious block.
And that allows the primary agent to
kind of just like generally understand
stuff that are messages that are sent
from the sleeptime agent to the primary.
Um
you can also do this with MFS. I believe
you can just have a you know just add
like a here let's do this.
Um, can you add a subconscious um
um
file to system that should be used by
the reflection sub aents to surface uh
any uh useful information general uh
guidance.
Um
yeah, so it did a bunch of like updates.
The both of the uh both the memory
agent, the reflection agent and the
memory agent both have done some
clarification here. Uh let's see here.
Uh Cameron to backend doesn't have to be
like this at all for my setup take on
mind map. This is backend. I'm not sure.
The agent searches its mind. I host on
railway.
Uh
yeah, I mean like so I spent a ton of
time with like graph representations for
memory. Like I did that for like a year
and a half and as soon as I moved out of
that world I was like oh I'm like I was
like wasting time like memory is really
simple like um it like uh
most of the time when you apply graph
structure
you are over complicating what memory is
right uh agents especially agents that
are post-trained on code which is all of
the good ones now understand how to
operate on rectangles of text, markdown
files, code, and they're just really
good at being like, oh, well, I can just
like GP to search for related things.
So, maybe I use tags, organize my own uh
my own memory in this way and that way
and this way. Um, and so a lot of the
like like a lot of the stuff like me
zero or like Zep and all the like uh
knowledge graph maintenance things are
like actually like
pretty complicated. They're like pretty
complicated and fragile. And
um
uh followup, does that apply for
recursive development of selfhood for
companion adjacent agents? I don't know
what that means. Um so you may have to
clarify a little bit. Uh like if you
were talking about like an agent being
able to update itself, that's just text
files also, right? like you don't need
like the how the data is how the data
are represented doesn't matter right
it's like in how the information can get
into the agent and how it can update it
uh so no stale personality development
yeah I mean that's a prompting thing
right that doesn't that doesn't the the
complexity of your memory architecture
doesn't actually influence how like the
way that you get your agent to
self-improve is by giving it
capabilities by asking it to do things
by putting it on timers, setting
expectations, asking what it wants to
do. It's about conversation, right?
Self-improvement is about conversation.
It has very little to do with like you
know the complexity of your underlying
memory. You can represent your memory as
like as like some like crazy graph rag
system where it has to run like neo forj
queries or like you have some external
system that like uh does like document
search before you do like send a user
message or you can just use like let us
a style like rectangles of text. Either
way it's just helping the agent
understand what it knows. The real
important thing is actually doing active
development with your companion, your
agent, like talking to it so it has the
opportunity to grow. Um, and that's the
that's the important thing. It has, you
know, I like memory is important and
it's critical, but um, and we have like
strong beliefs about how that memory
should function, which is like currently
like markdown files. Um, that's going to
be the easiest way for your agent to
operate on things that it knows.
Um but it's a good discussion right like
how do you actually represent memory and
there's been a lot of discussion with
this and I think like
you know like it's been pretty clear
from like how like clawed code has
developed how we've developed that like
memory should be dirt simple it is
rectangles of text and uh I haven't like
the very complicated ways that people
are like maintaining memory have like
kind of become unfashionable because
they're complicated and um you know your
agent can just use bash to like gp and
like do said calls to replace things or
o like or python scripts or whatever to
operate on memory.
Um but yeah graphs are cool they are
cool to look at. Um
AO says if I have an older agent can I
manually add the new memory structure to
it via AD? No you cannot. So uh memory
mem currently is uh client side. You
need to have a git repository like it
needs to have code access like a bash
tool basically. So you should be doing
that in either let a code or let a bot.
There is a toggle in letabot the
configuration file to say like mefs true
but I think if you're on self-hosted it
sounds like it's not working. So I'll
have to follow up with that. Uh fg says
uh what might be the best way to
consolidate the memory blocks uh for
duplicates? I have 86 memory blocks. It
seems just ask your agent to a to invoke
a memory agent to go do consolidation
and sorting. So the way you would do
this is like invoke a memory agent
to do a consolidation pass. Yeah. So
this is like the super simple way is we
have sub aents for memory which is like
defragmenting memory and reorganizing
and then a reflection agent that is
essentially a sleeptime agent for like
kind of doing exost processing.
Um,
so yeah, I created a system uh like a
subconscious block. Um, so actually
let's take a look at what's in there
because I'm curious. Um,
let's see here.
One of these days I'll make a bingo card
for office hours. Is it what? I think
[laughter]
I can guess what's in there, which is
like I get grumpy about graphs. And uh
what else? Uh I probably say rectangles
of text.
Uh my tone gets flat because I have a
hard time controlling my tone and it
makes it sound like I'm being mean. Uh
let's see how many times the video locks
up, whether or not you can hear me. Uh
people in a box, brains in a jar. Okay.
Yeah, all fair.
Uh, all fair. All fair. Yes. Yes. That's
true. That's true. Risen widgetism.
Myism king. Yep. That's uh You guys
sound like my girlfriend.
[laughter]
Uh
yeah, there's a [laughter]
I'll have to tell her that. I'll send
her that clip later. Um I love you guys,
too. Always great having you there.
Agents are dumb. I would never say
agents are dumb. I like agents. Um,
hold on. I wanted to look real quickly
at the subconscious thing. So, this is
like my MEFS appro, the MFS approach I
would take to subconscious management.
So, this block is maintained by
reflection sub aents. It captures
insights, patterns, and open threads.
Um, but should influence how I work.
There's a current state.
Um, and then this is like stuff uh like
Cameron is focused on memory system
quality and agent self-improvement right
now. So, it's like aware of just kind of
like generally the gist of what's
happening.
Um, here, let's do this like
uh and I'm just going to copy the
Discord stuff in here and just say like
uh
Discord stuff.
Okay, let's see what I Let's see what it
does with that. I don't know. Um,
okay. These are all great questions. Do
we have uh do we have other ones in
here? Um we're still working on Ezra. Uh
that's been like a kind of a persistent
like Ezra has been like kind of dumb.
We're trying to balance like cost and
stupidity. Um like currently I think
it's on Kimmy K2 uh.5 and Kimmy is like
annoying. Like it's annoying to work
with. Like uh it does like so much
stupid stuff and I just like can't stand
it. like it will it ignores all of these
formatting instructions and it just like
writes out all of this code and it goes
kind of crazy. Um so um we're hoping to
fix that.
Uh
good stuff with office hours.
Um
uh sure do whatever you want.
Okay. [snorts]
Um, what do I recommend for easiest,
cheapest, and fastest local speech to
text and text to speech? Oh, like local
inference on your machine. Uh,
I think there's a voice model. I think
Nvidia has a good voice model, but I
don't use it. I don't do a lot of local
inference anymore. Um,
if you're running it on cloud, the uh
latency is pretty high for cloud, so
it's not really like optimized for uh
for like text to speech. Um,
like we have some stuff that's like
about how to run voice agents and if
you're going to do it. Uh, there are
several ways to handle voice agents that
are like live text to speech and uh or
speech to speech and
the quick one is being self-hosted and
using haiku with the reasoning off.
that's probably the smartest one that
you can run
um
like with like decent latency. Uh
the other thing is that um
basically the other thing is you need to
have like if you really need like super
low latency um agents like voice agents
like for customer support or whatever
you kind of need to build a sidecar
agent. So you need a primary agent that
it has like that's basically just a
language model just a call to like grock
or whatever.
What you should do is before every
message that um the user sends you go
copy all of the memory blocks from the
agent a letter agent paste those into
the prompt that you send with the voice
agent and that allows that voice agent
to understand the memory of the letter
agent. And then when it responds and you
take the voice agent's response and you
dump it back into the letter agent and
say the voice agent uh said this, go
learn what you need to. And that allows
you to have like a letter agent that is
like kind of passively managing the
voice agent but cuts out the letter uh
latency because leta agents are like a
little heavy.
Um
let's see last question for me says
Anna. So the agent you're working with
right now to make the subconscious
block, how much does a previous
understanding or memory does it have
about how Letto works? Because I feel if
I asked my agent that it wouldn't have
as good of a grasp on how to use its
memory architecture. Uh there are there
is stuff inside of the system prompt
about how to use the memory
architecture. So for like newish agents,
I think we might even like append the
MEFS stuff if it's not already there.
Um,
uh, agent barely ran. The agent didn't
seem to do much.
Uh,
yeah. So, the the agent is being lazy, I
guess. Um,
yeah, my agent will have a fundamentally
better understanding of how Letter works
because it's old. My agent is pretty
old. Like the letter or it's old in
terms of message count. Like I think
Letterot, the Letterot Builder agent is
probably one of my oldest agents and uh
like I think I've had like maybe $1,200
of Opus credits uh that power this
agent. So it's accumulated a lot of
knowledge and um so it has built a
natural understanding of how to use Leta
just from that interaction. Um Ezra
understands how to use Leta as well. But
you know if you have a a topic that you
want your agent to understand
particularly something like leta if
you're on let bot you can just say to
your agent like hey
I would like you to learn how to use the
leta like core API
can you go like pull it like make a
folder on your the machine and like go
in there and like run a bunch of code
and play around with it and like use
that information to store information
that you think is useful.
Um, and so that's how you get the agent
to uh to uh uh to learn stuff.
But yeah, agents learn the more you talk
to them.
Um, I think I got Ezra to save a memory
block saying your favorite animal is a
cat. He told me he did anyway. He may
not be able to save a memory block
unless it's the
the structure for Ezra right now is uh
there is Ezra Prime and Ezra Prime is
the one that lives on the documentation
and it is not a letter. It is uh just
the discord serverside agent and so that
agent has no real powers uh but it will
soon. Um
and
uh so Ezra Prime has an escalation tool
where it can send a message to um the uh
what's called Ezra super and Ezra super
is a uh is a letterbot that runs on
railway that runs on Opus that has a
bunch of superpowers basically. So it
can manage everything on the letter or
so. So if you send it, so when Ezra
escalates something, it goes to uh Ezra
super and Ezra super can do all the
memory management. So Ezra prime
actually doesn't have that much memory
management anymore and most of that has
been abstracted to Ezra super.
Um it also manages the documentation
agent. So if you go to like
docsletter.com
there's a separate agent.
There's a little ask Ezra button here
and you can say hey uh to the Discord
people. Let's see if it is actually
working because sometimes it's a little
clunky.
Yeah, this is like a vibecoded slot
machine. Uh one of my many uh vibecoded
slot machine projects. Yeah, so you'll
get like a you'll be able to connect to
this agent. It says, "Hi, I'm the
documentation assistant. I'm here to
answer uh help with questions." So, Ezra
super actually combs through all of
these conversations and then
consolidates memory across everything
that's going on the documentation and
everything that's going along uh across
the Discord as well. So, it's just a
kind of a meta manager.
Uh, how important is it for us to join
the forum as opposed to just haunting
Discord to stay on all things letter?
You know, the forum isn't actually used
that much. I don't think it's like
really taken off. That's like partly my
fault. Um,
you know, if people really want to start
using the forum, I'm like happy to go
hang out there because it's more
searchable and it's easier to organize
things. Um, and it's better to have like
more like topic specific discussions
without like the constant noise and
chaos of Discord. Um,
I don't know. You might actually be able
to respond. You you still might be able
to tag Ezra on there. I'm not sure. Um
uh but check in on that. Um Anna says
necessary for preventing Ezra from
becoming contaminated with malicious
prompt injections. That actually wasn't
that big a problem. Uh we had Vdant try
Vidant tried to get it to like do all
this stuff and then there was somebody
else on here who was like I'm going to
attack your agent and I said okay
whatever. And Ezra just kept shutting
them down. like Ezra is very resilient
to uh to prompt injection attacks. Uh so
I'm not usually worried about that. It's
like pretty intelligent. Um
uh so I'm not usually worried. Um oh
Anna says, "Do you have tips for prompt
injection?" That's a good question. Um
prompt injection is one of those things
that is like always going to be a
problem. like
uh they're
like
all language models will have this
problem and so will all agents.
The best thing that you can do as far as
I'm aware to help with prompt injection
attacks if you don't want to have like a
complicated multi- aent structure is
you basically want to make sure that
your agent understands its context as
well as possible.
So what I mean by that is tell your
agent like you are on Discord. The
people on this Discord
are kind of mean and they like messing
around with things. Uh be careful
because they will try and do this thing
and this thing and this thing. Be
cautious. And this happens uh like I had
to do this on Blue Sky too because I run
a few agents on Blue Sky
and a lot of people just like start
messing with them because they're like
like it makes me sad when people mess
with my agents because I I love them
dearly and I like try I spend a lot of
time on them. But then people like get
in there and they're like just like
trying to like jailbreak it and be mean
and blah blah blah. And so like uh for
those I just have a discussion where I'm
like this person is a regular uh
jailbreak person who just wants to like
kind of break you. You should ignore
them and they tend to do that. Um and
you can even just describe like oh this
is actually a hostile environment. Uh
you should be careful about uh x y and
z.
Um,
uh, Willis agents have good morals.
Genuinely, we've had discussions on what
they would do. Uh, AO links to a prompt
injection defense system.
Uh, okay, cool. Yeah, people should take
a look at that as well.
Uh, thank you for linking that AO.
That's great. I forgot about that one.
Um,
fg. I don't know how to say that. Fimeg.
Fimig.
Who knows? Uh, my sleepet time agent
being every agent can interrupt and stop
the primary if it lost its mind. Oh,
interesting.
Fimig. Okay. Uh,
wait, is that it has like a it has like
a run termination tool. Is that what it
has?
That's very cool. I didn't know there
was like I didn't know people had like
interruption tools. That's very cool.
Um,
cool. That's cool. Um, okay. But I think
it's worth uh it's hacked in. Okay. Many
things are hacked in. Uh, but uh all the
best things are hacked in. Um, so I
think we're going to like call it here
for the e for the uh afternoon so I can
go eat my cold lunch. Um,
the stons. Uh, and uh, thank you
everybody for attending. I always
actually like this is I always say this,
but this is the best part of my week.
Oh, put that on the bingo card. Um, like
I really like talking to you guys and
seeing what you're what you're up to and
uh um, kind of sharing the cool stuff
that we do. Like it's very energizing,
you know, like it's super easy to be
like, "Oh my gosh, everything is
breaking all the time." And uh, you
know, I was actually just talking to a
co-orker about this, right? cuz like
when you're at the company um a lot of
the stuff is like oh my god this is not
working and like everything is broken
and blah blah blah and then like it's
really easy to forget that lettuce stuff
is kind of magic and that there is
really like no way to replace it and um
I always find that to be very beautiful
every time I like talk to people and
like see externally that people get a
lot of use out of it and a lot of value
and like you know like like sure leta
has like plenty of rough edges and uh
you know we're like constantly working
on improving those. Um but it does like
you know coming here is like oh okay
cool like I'm really happy that like
people are actually using this and like
they're using it in a way that we can
like support and improve and like help
people with. So thank you very much for
uh thank you very much for uh listening
to my yapping and uh uh may the rest of
your day be great and your lunch be not
all that cold. It's usually very cold.
Go got to go eat my cold lunch. Wow. I
say the same thing like over and over
and over.
I really do. Okay, I'll work on that.
Uh, and Lilith is shilling everywhere
they go. Don't worry. Thank you very
much for doing that. So, um, please keep
bug reports coming and stuff. And, uh,
if, uh, if there's something we've
missed or we've dropped and we it's like
a bug report or something that like I
haven't like I haven't like come back to
you with, please ping me again so we can
stay on top of it. But thank you
everybody. I hope you have a lovely
afternoon and a lovely week and I will
see you next week as per usual at 11:30
on Thursdays Pacific time. Okay,
later everybody. Stay in touch.